Welcome to Vsauce Channel, I'm Jack. If you've played injustice: God among us you know how amazing it is
To be superman and to throw people into space. But what if he punched you into real life !!
What could happen if someone could raise 200 quintillion tons with one hand!
Power of the sun !! Or my favorite, the punch with dimensions if this person Pllkk ?!
This brings an interesting idea: Superman or any other fictional character
Determined by the author. So his ability stretches from jumping on tall buildings
To walk faster than the speed of light. So according to this theory, no doubt
Superman is very strong. There is one law in physics that can not be broken,
No block can reach the speed of light. So we will give it a speed less than the speed of light by 1 percent
At 299,792,458 meters per second at 99 percent of the speed of light
So you will be unlucky in your life with this man who will not
Stop himself beating you! If the grip rate is 300 grams
And it is running at 99% of the speed of light, the resulting energy will be 190 Quadrillion Gul!
Which equals 45 microns of TNT or more 2,800 times than
The power of the twin bomb thrown at Horashima. During the punch one is approaching its speed
Of the speed of light, the energy consumed will be 45 trillion kcal
Or about 82 billion large hamburgers slices!
Now you have the most powerful bomb in one fist directed towards your face
What will happen when Superman hits you by ^ O ^
This happens when it cools or heats incredibly while releasing this energy
By the grip and the temperature of the atmosphere around 80 trillion Kelvin !! Which is more than 5 million times warmed
From the nucleus of the sun
It takes the light to reach the retina of your eye for about 1 nano to be processed
By your brain, so during the speed of the punch approaching the speed of light
The punch speed will be 3.4 nanoseconds so you will not be able to recognize them
But what can we see from this grip ?? Where it moves fast
Amazing 296 million meters per second. Where time stops. Molecules like
Oxygen and nitrogen remain time-related. And Superman's fist shocked them
A card similar to nuclear fusion power. As the Kama rays are produced with each collision
Producing an unexploded explosion. A giant fireball surrounds
The area and waves of sparks fly, breaking windows and plowing trees from the ground
There may be characters with more powerful punches, but in this case
But when you have one, it does not matter.
Superman will not only beat the wind around you but also atoms!
Then its grip becomes largely a molecular beam of 7 billion electron volts
This is stronger than the particle accelerator at Jefferson Laboratories in Virginia. Atoms which
You consist of them that will disintegrate and fuse your body into atoms
Or return your body to its basic particles and to the quark plasma produced after
The Great Cosmic Explosion. After all this will produce new molecules and their antiviral molecules (material and antimatter)
After your unfortunate destruction, something new will be something you have never seen before
Will create
To visualize the intensity of the blast, we will use the nuclear weapon map to see how a 45-megaton bomb will look
In terms of the damage it will cause. But the truth is the damage
A Superman punch will be like a burst of fire from his grip
Destroying everything in its way and an updated explosion around it
And will leave a nozzle with a diameter of 1 km and a depth of 221 meters
So how do I approach you or are you from the power of Superman? My friends in the channel Asapscience
What is the strength of muscle growth? (We explain it in the next translated video) and how the power of supernatural beings becomes more accessible
From before
So do not abuse Superman and as every time .. Thanks for your follow up